#labels Featured
= Installation Instructions =

This short page will guide you through the installation and use of the script.

== Info ==
Special thanks goes to Erica Sadun who released AirPlayer earlier this month. This was the software which let me discover the world of AirPlay


== Before you start ==

What is currently working:
  * Select a video/podcast/serie on the iThing (should also work in other ithings) and launch it on xbmc.
  * Play/Pause of the video through the controls on the iThing.
  * Switch back the video to the iThing.
  * Seeking in the timeline on the iThing.

What is currently not working:
  * Playback of youtube videos. XBMC cannot handle the files.
 
Known Bugs:
  * When resuming the video in the iThing it is pause even if the interface says it's not. This need some more work.
  * When launching a video for the second time xmbc asks whiter it should resume or start over again. Don't know how to fix that.

== What you need to know ==
Actually there is no code in the in the SVN. All the code is just a Python scripts which launches a server on the port 22555. Some work would need to be done here again in order to make a nice xmbc-plugin. But I have know knowledge in this domain.

I spend most time decoding and describing the protocol. Maybe another approach would be better and have lesser dependencies

== Needed software ==
In orther to make everything work there some additional software is needed. The airplay discovery is based upon Bonjour (avahi). Therefore install the package avahi-daemon (`apt-get install avahi-daemon`) Furthermore the scripts calls xmbc through either
  * xbmc-send (install `apt-get install xbmc-eventclients-xbmc-send`) or
  * through the web interface (be sure to setup Web interface in XBMC on port XXXX)

== Installation ==
This hack was developed on Ubuntu (but should also work on other linux systems). Therefore installation istruction will be for linux only (Ubuntu). It should be possible to port the code to other platform since it's only python. However I have no ideas about the dependencies (avahi for example).
  * copy the `play2wifi.service` script to `/etc/avahi/services/`.
  * launch the script `python play2wifi.py` somewhere.
  * launch a video/podcast on the iThing and switch it over to xbmc.